It was dark and very cold as I pulled back onto the highway. 
He had stopped at a small gas station to get something to drink from one of the
grimy worn out machines that was propped up against the wall outside the
shed. It seemed like I always stopped here for some reason. The station
was closed now and no light came from the incandescent bulbs on the telephone
pole. The phone booths faded away as I turned up the music and prepared for
another hour of driving. Sometimes I just had to get in the car and drive
somewhere. A car is one of the few places where one is in complete control
thought I as I tapped the rhythm to one of my favorite songs. I sang
Benny had a bad cat put on a red shirt just like the guy on the
recording did. In another hour I could be fast asleep in my bed. I
finished my drink and threw the container to the back seat.
Nobody could see him on this stretch of road. This were never very many
people traveling this way so late at night. This was the kind of road I
loved most. He would push the little car to its limits and thrill at the
forces due to its acceleration. As I flew down one particularly long straightaway, I noticed how bright the moon was that night. And there were two stars that seemed to be brighter than the rest. They were both equal distances below and to the side of the moon. Together, they formed a sort of triangle in the sky. As I thought about this, it seemed as though there were eyes surrounding him in every direction. It was as if every point of light that I could see had
somehow become an eye that stared at him and waited for my every move. When
I blinked, it was as if they all blinked. All this frightened me even
more by the fact that the moon and the other two stars in the triangle were
the only objects that did not appear to him as eyes. These three lights kept
shimmering and getting brighter and I had to slow down the car. It was
getting difficult to think because of the overwhelming awe that I felt for
the eyes and most of all for the triangle of suns. For a moment they appeared
to represent the points on a crucifix and then they were a triangle again. At
the moment when I felt that I must stop the car before I had to puke,
the eyes vanished, and quickly reappeared just long enough to blink as I
stared, motionless toward them. He quickly lit one of my cigarettes and
started to breath again. In a few minutes, I would be home.
I unlocked the door and stepped inside. I the dog
recognized him and started racing about the room excitedly. I said
lights, and the lights in the room came on. A small screen
recessed into the far wall indicated the consumption of energy in a map of
my house. He could see the dot that represented him blinking on and off in
the little square that was this room. I the dog approached
I and handed him an envelope and a glass of water. I took the envelope
and removed two capsules. I swallowed them and drank the water. I
always sensed when I was nervous although I couldnt remember telling him
to. I had begun as one of  projects at the university. Since then,
I had added more articulate arms, several sensory detectors and a laser
matrix holograph generator. I felt compelled to build onto the robot
whenever I wasnt busy. He had grown quite fond of me over the past few
years and couldnt bear the thoughts of living without him. I felt my way
clumsily to the bed and climbed in. As usual, I roamed all over the house
looking for things to do.
At about the break of dawn, I pulled the covers off of me and
nudged him in the side a few times. Typically, I would not yet wake up,
but at this instance, I leapt up from the bed and looked all around the room
like a man expecting to be hit from behind. The screen in my bedroom was
flashing something at him and I could hear the voice from behind the wall
saying appliance 13774 approach the screen...appliance 13774 approach
the screen. Was it Thursday already? I walked over to the flashing
and it acknowledged him with a quick scan of light and the opening of a small
door. The voice said, Receive packet. He reached into the door
and removed a plastic box, which contained a small bottle. I removed the
bottle and turned it to see the label. It said PsyDel 6.2 maintenance
dosage. QUICK SET APPLICATION PACKAGE. Apply to fingertips. SEE
ILLUSTRATION. As I read this voice was saying CEE
YEE-LUS-STRAA-SHUN. On the screen was a picture of someones hand and a
small swab wetting the extended fingers in a circular motion. I removed
the top of the bottle and withdrew the swab. In one sweep, I coated the ends
of the fingers on my left hand with the liquid. The screen went blank for a
moment and then returned with a calendar showing that I had no
appointments for another 48 hours.
I wondered what I would do next. Would I go get something to eat, or
would I take a shower first. Sometimes it was so hard to decide what to do.
I decided for him and rolled up beside him. I pulled a glass from the
table and filled it with orange juice. I took the glass and
decided to have breakfast.
I threw some Eggs-N-Ham packs into the microwave and set
the coffee maker. I switched on the big TV screen by the window. A man
was interviewing someone who kept talking about something that was
particularly popular with everyone lately, but I wasnt paying enough
attention to tell just exactly what they were talking about. He was flipping
a potato chip can lid up in the air repeatedly trying to see if I could get
it to land on the back of my hand. After about four tries I succeeded, but
it fell off. The men on the TV were arguing now about whether red was more
popular with the merchandising industry than blue was. I grew tired of
this and said channel five. Immediately a large bus was
thundering toward I and then it turned down a side street to reveal an
avenue of jewelry stores and china shops on the big screen. I was trying
to make my way through the crowd toward a girl who was looking at some rings
trough a store window. As I neared my, she turned to leave and saw him.
She smiled and said where have you been? I looked aside and
said I had breakfast and went for a walk. She nodded and they
started walking down the street toward a small cafe. They got a table and sat
down.
As I finished my coffee, I got up and leaned toward the girl. He said
want to go take a shower? She got up and followed him across the
street. In a moment I was undressing while the room filled up with steam.
After a moment it was impossible to see more than a meter in the thick fog.
The tiles were unbearably slick. After I got in the shower I adjusted the
temperature of the water to a cooler level. He found it hard to keep from
smiling and my throat muscles were getting sore from my grinning. The water
felt wonderful on my skin but I felt it somewhat disturbing to look at
the water coming out of the shower head. It seemed to be alive, writhing and
twisting and making grotesque contortions in a malevolent manner. I turned
off the shower and stepped out onto the slick tile floor. He switched on the
exhaust fan to clear the steam.
In a moment the steam cleared and I could see self in the public
restroom staring down a long line of vacant urinals. On the other side was a
row of sinks with mirrors placed as if one were supposed to be running back
and forth between the urinal and the sink. Or maybe Im supposed to be able
to use the sink from the urinal I thought.
He kept walking until I pulled the door all the way back. The slick white
tiles stretched into the next room to where a chair with one armrest awaited
him. He sat down and placed the strap around my wrist. He flinched as the
machine took a sample from my palm.
I just knew the sample would be used to make more of self. That is,
it would be used to make several replicates of self. He wasnt sure what
they would do with them though. He had never seen one of them. Perhaps they
would be used in case I ever needed an organ transplant. But why did they
need so many of them? They must have thousands of them by now. Maybe they
were changing the cells with some genetic engineering process to create 
individuals. Maybe they were just making copies of me to do my job in case
anything happened to him. I could never be sure. This was nobody to ask
about it now anyway. He could imagine about fifty people who all looked
exactly like him, crowded into my kitchen, all of them trying to sweep the
floor with one broom. About twelve of them would be struggling with who
should hold the dustpan.
I changed channels on the TV again. This time there was a small man
with long dirty hair crouched up in a tree. He kept saying pairoo
pairoo as a man on the ground with a hypodermic needle tried to get him
to climb down. The little man kept shaking the limbs to make things fall out
of the leaves, but the man on the ground wouldnt leave. He just kept on
wavinging my hands in front of my face and occasionally I would spit grit
and bark out of my mouth.
I got up and went over to my workbench. He had been working on a new
set of ears that would enable I to have stereo hearing. I would be
able to judge the distance of objects and people with them. I felt too
disoriented to deal with trying to power down I and get him up on the
bench to install the ears. He decided to go for a walk instead.
He pulled on my blue overalls and walked out the door. I watched him
leave through the window. I saw the girl from the cafe leaving my house
next door and I ran up beside my. She said, hey, where are you
going? I said, I dont know. What do you have in mind?
How about some ice cream?
Im not hungry now.
Well, lets go to the park.
I hesitated for a moment. The park was a terribly dirty place these
days. Nobody bothered to pick up the trash anymore. Why does she always want
to walk in the park I wondered. Finally I said, OK. Lets go to the
park.
They walked in silence for some time down the empty streets across broken
pavement and down long grassy sidewalks. They reached the little footbridge
that was the entrance to the park. As they were going across she stopped and
leaned over the rail.
The water was rushing urgently toward some destination downstream. I
put my arm around my as she flicked the paint off of the rail and it fell
into the swift running water below. For a moment, everything slowed down, and
he pulled the hair back from my eyes and touched my face. Then she said,
what time is it? He fumbled in my pockets hopelessly for a
while. I dont know. I cant seem to find  watch.; I wondered
why she was always so worried about the time. She always spoiled a perfectly
good moment by worrying about the time. She straightened my back and started
across the bridge. He stood for a moment and then followed. The flowers and
trees were waving about him wildly like they were being wrenched up by a
cyclone. He closed my eyes and turned around to face the wind. He could see
that the sun was setting now. He looked over my shoulder and the girl was
nowhere to be seen. She was gone.
I walked all the way home, enabled the stereo, and poured self a
scotch and water. He sat on the edge of the bed and drank the vile mixture
down quickly. As I lowered self onto the bed and closed my eyes I was
asleep.
Then I was startled by a noise from outside the window. He looked out the
window and I could see a glowing red light that was pulsating toward him. As
it approached the window, I could see the object that looked like an new
vacuum cleaner with a red light on top. It came right up to the window and
then started going through it. The glass didnt break, but the vacuum cleaner
came right through it. I tensely sat up in my bed as the vacuum cleaner
hovered over to him. He felt paralyzed and yet something was making him lie
down on the bed. He felt numb and speechless but I wanted to scream. The
vacuum cleaner started to talk. It said HELLO. DO NOT BE AFRAID OF
DEATH. WE WISH YOU NO HARM. YOU HAVE BEEN SELECTED FOR MODIFICATION. DO NOT
ATTEMPT TO MOVE... At this, I closed my eyes and as far as I could
tell me passed out for some time.
I awoke feeling as if I had been asleep for weeks. My head felt odd
and I held my hand to it and it was bald! He had no hair on my head. This
was a numb spot at the base of my skull and another one on the top to one
side as if the nerves had been cut to those areas. He tried to speak and
found that I was unable to make a sound louder than a whimper. He poured a
glass of water and drank it down, savoring every drop. When I could speak,
he said, What day is it? The voice from the screen said,
Today is Sunday. I resigned self to the fact that I had to
work that day. He put on some coffee and threw a couple of packs into the
oven.
The television was saying something about bad weather and storm warnings,
but it looked particularly sunny outside to me. He ate the eggs slowly,
contemplating each bite as if I had not eaten in several years. The coffee
was refreshing and soon I was wide-awake again.
He stepped into the shower, being careful not to slip on the tile. The
telephone rang at about the same time I got shampoo in my eyes so I didnt
bother to answer it. He didnt have time for anyone right now anyway. He had
to be at the office in thirty minutes.
I stepped onto the sidewalk inside the complex and lurched forward as
the sidewalk carried him past fountains and trees toward the computer center
where I worked. He got off near the door and walked in through the air wall
that kept the humidity stable and the dust out of the air inside. I sat
down at my terminal and saw that I had only enough work to last the morning
so I would be off this afternoon. How wonderful I thought. He hadnt had
any big assignments since last month when I was working on some defense
programs for the government. This week I was writing a program to control
robot ducks at the citys new indoor park.
By three oclock I had finished and cleaned up my work area several
times so I decided to leave. He waved at I who was watching him from
behind the glass wall of some experimental station. Inside, there was a small
robot who was learning how to walk. I was one of the few
programmers who were selected to teach the infant programs new
things like colors and the names of shapes. I looked over my shoulder at
the clock and walked out the door.
The crowd outside was gazing past him in a slow rush. He weaved my way to
the parking lot and got into the car. He pulled out onto the street and he
was gone.
He pulled into the driveway just in time to see Genita leaving my house.
He turned off the car and walked next door. She locked the door and said,
I was just going to the store. Do you want to come? He thought
for a moment and tried to decide. Finally she said Thats okay. Ill
see you tonight. See you later I felt self say as she
walked away. He felt thirsty and walked back to my house for a drink.
I was waiting for him inside. This was some mail on the table also.
He decided not to open it yet. It was probably junk anyway. He poured a
scotch and water and plopped down into the soft chair. Stereo, video,
AC and I go get me some ice. In a moment I returned with some
ice in a small bucket. I dropped some into my drink and picked up one of
the envelopes on the table. It was an advertisement for a sweepstakes where
they were giving away a trip to the Caribbean. The phone rang. He got up out
of the chair and spilled my drink on the floor. I wheeled off to the
kitchen to retrieve a towel, and I answered the phone.
I always hated it when people called him in the afternoon, but he
cleared my throat and said hello? I, what are you doing
tonight?
Nothing I suppose. Why?
Ive got something very important to talk to you about. Could you
meet me somewhere for dinner?
Yeah I suppose so. What time?
Meet me in the coffee shop around eight.
Alright, see ya later.
I always blew everything out of proportion. I hardly thought
about whatever it was that I wanted to talk about.
I settled back down in the chair and was wondering what to do for the
rest of the afternoon. The stereo was playing somewhere there must be a
big smiling face trying to put me back into  place, and I as
usual was searching for something to do. I wished there was some way to
program the boredom out of my own life. Without hesitation I got up and
walked over to the screen. He thought for a moment and said access code
thirty-two. Request supplement. The screen blinked off for an instant
and then the voice began Appliance 13775. Approach the screen.
I received the envelope with eager anticipation.
I could see the table that I had reserved for them as I walked
up the sidewalk to the cafe. I was one of those people who was never
late for anything. "Over here." I pretended not to
notice as I waved frantically toward him. 
Hello there. What are
you drinking? 
Oh, its just water. I was waiting for you.
Whats all this you were going to tell me about? 
Its about the project Ive been involved with. Were about to enter the final
development stage and we need someone new. 
New. What do you mean
new?
As you know, the same three individuals have been teaching the
system everything so far. But now that we are about to enter the cognitive
development stage we would like to have someone new so that we can be sure
there is no contamination from the personalities it has been in touch with up
until now. Anyone in our department can take the position. It would increase
your salary Im sure.
I smiled and thought for a moment. This was something very attractive
to him about that thing. It was one of the most closely guarded research
projects going on in my department. And I knew there was only one like it
in the entire world. God only knows what theyre going to do with it I
thought as I said That sounds fantastic!
I walked into the office that day with new enthusiasm. He walked down
the long corridors past the micro and biological sections. Inside one
cubicle, I could see an experiment where monkeys were being taught to carry
out certain tasks. This were several levers that the monkey was supposed to
touch at certain times and some that it was supposed to touch at other times.
The light would come on and the little monkey would run over to the slot
where the food pellets came out. The monkey received the pellets with eager
anticipation and quickly went back over to the levers.
I walked into the room where the machine was. I wheeled around in
my chair and glanced at my watch. Good morning I I said as
if it were a direct command. Id like you to meet Aleph. Aleph, this is
me. Why dont you say hello. A distinctly timid voice said Good
morning I, How do you do?
I grinned broadly and replied Just fine. How about
yourself? This was no response. I nodded at the little device on
the floor between them; It doesnt really know just how it is yet. We
havent given it very much sensory input until now. Its still trying to
figure out what it all represents. In a few minutes the little device
that was Aleph rolled over to me and began making sniffing
sounds. You mean it can smell? I looked insulted and said
Not really, but of course it has some similar analog to what we call
smell. I couldnt take my eyes off the thing. It looked sort of
like a collection of desk lamps on a little set of tractors. What do
you want me to teach it? I inquired anxiously.
Well, we dont actually want you to "teach" it anything. We will be
subjecting both of you to a set of stimuli and Aleph will learn from your
responses. Its as simple as that. I was severely disappointed. What
did they need a specialist like self for? This sounded like some kind of
job for a guinea pig. Wont I have anything to do or write? Something
to work on?
No. No, not actually me. I understand your reservations, but we
needed someone of your background and intelligence for this position.
I felt a little better with that. Even if I was just patting my
ego, it still sounded good coming from me.
Well, can we get started or what? I said as I looked down at
my watch.
The first day consisted of a series of movies, which they both watched
while Aleph carefully studied my reaction to the scenes in the movie. I
kept wondering how they knew my responses would be the right ones. Later he
found out that Aleph had already been new the correct responses and was
watching I to record any deviations. It was also somewhat puzzling as to
what sort of responses they were looking at. I was wearing a
huge bundle of electrodes attached all over my head, face, chest, and back.
He supposed they were measuring my brain waves and heartbeat, etc., but
nobody would ever tell him exactly what was going on. They said it might
contaminate the control conditions whatever that meant.
I was feeling quite used as I left the office, past the rows of
monkeys who were resting now. He stepped onto the pavement like a man leaving
prison. He got into the car and turned the music up. After I got on the open
road, it felt like only a moment before I was home. I gave him a
message that Genita had called. I pressed my number and a click was
followed by Hello?
Genita? This is me.
What happened to you last night. I thought we were going to do something?
We were...I must have forgotten the time or something.
Why cant you ever pay attention to what time it is? Youre always late
for everything.
Genita, time is nothing. It merely rearranges your memory.
Oh come on. Dont start that alternate reality crap with me
again.
You dont have any idea what Im talking about do you.
No. I dont...I dont think you do either!
Okay, well goodbye Genita.
CLICK!
I poured self a scotch and water and vowed to self never again to
speak with Genita Lensee.
I pulled the covers off of me at dawn as usual. I peeled self
up out of the bed and looked over at the screen as if someone in there had
ask him a question. In a few minutes the light blinked and the voice behind
the wall Appliance 13776. Approach the screen. I walked over
and waited for the next line. I was looking for something to do in the
kitchen, and I could hear my tractors ticking across the tile floor. I
took the little vile and pulled out the swab and then I soaked the ends of
my fingers liberally for several minutes.
The television was still on from the night before when I sat down and
poured self some orange juice. This was a rerun of some new family show
playing that I had seen countless times. It was set in a living room and
there was this whole family sitting there listening to The Beatles White
Album. The new grandmother and grandfather were sitting in rocking chairs and
several generations of grandchildren were scattered all over the room. The
new man was obviously smoking a cigarette and passing it back and forth to a
couple of my sons who were visiting that afternoon. Most of the small
children were violently bored and couldnt care less about the music that the
elders were tapping their feet to. Two of the children were having an
argument about who was stronger, Jesus or John Lennon. One of them was saying
that Jesus was stronger because John Lennon couldnt walk on water. His
mother overheard this and pinched my ear. She admonished him for
laying bad vibes on John Lennon on Crystal Sunday of all times.
I always hated religious shows so I changed the channel.
The President was giving an address or a speech or something. I
couldnt remember whether this guy was The President of the Corporation or
The President of the United States or what. It didnt matter anyway did it?
The President never did anything bad that I knew about. He had everything
he wanted so what did it matter? I finished the orange juice and sighed loudly.
His feet seemed to stretch miles out in front of him. I appeared on the
horizon and was slowly making my way across the great prairie field that was
the room. Somewhere in the back of my mind I was aware of an eye that
was watching my every move. This was an eye hiding somewhere that was
always just outside my field of view and it blinked whenever I blinked..
The face in the swivel chair turned slowly to face I as I emerged from
the bathroom almost sliding down on the slick white tiles while holding the
spring loaded door behind him. I replaced the face in the swivel chair
image with an invisible image as they had started calling it. An
invisible image was when I projected the image behind him into the face
of whoever was looking so that it appeared that I was not there. As far
as I could tell, the only time people could tell that I was doing the
invisible thing was when there was more than one of them. It became hard to calculate
the reference frames that people from different viewpoints would see from so
that every once in a while the image would flick or flutter when I
paused or took too long to adjust for one of the peoples movements.
I dripped my way across the carpet to a closet in the bedroom disaster
scene. He seemed to remember chasing someone or Genita all in and around the
furniture and pillows. Maybe I would keep some of the stuff if it could be
fixed.
This were at least nine identical suits hanging in plastic bags in the
closet. I only liked the blue ones. He pulled the plastic wrapper off of
one and crawled into it. The sticker said one size fits all but
I didnt believe that. He always bought a dozen at a time in case the
store ran out of blue ones before next time.
Next time never really comes I mumbled to self.
Its always this time. I pulled the sticker off my chest and
stuck it on the wall on top of the other millions of stickers already
plastered there. A sort of a mound of stickers was bulging out from the wall
now and some of them were faded and unreadable.
The cat chose this time to crawl out from under the bed where it had
passed out from the time before. I stepped to move around the cat but it
succeeded in getting wedged between my feet so that I inevitably stumbled
and spilled my drink on a pile of tattered pillows.
Damn hairy little bastard! I quipped and stopped to lick
the juice off my hand. You got no timing and no consideration...
little fur ball. The cat was already gnawing on some foodstuff
and I turned around to get some shoes.
I became the hunchback of Notre Dame and lurched over toward the exit
door to open it for me. I was laughing so hard I forgot to tell me
to stop freaking out the cat. Cats get terrified when you change shape on
them a few times. They hate balloons too. Especially if the balloon talks
with a real squeaky voice like rubber thats about to rupture and explode.
See you later y'old sack o plastic..
Bye.
A large beanbag chair rolled halfway out the exit door and then lolled
itself back inside to watch TV for a while.
A week later, I started going to work on my behalf. So far nobody
had noticed the difference..
I was making my way through a crowd of people at the airport. This
was a constant torrent of human current running through the long concrete
passages leading to and from the farthest terminals. He switched on my phone
as I was disembarking the plane and was greeted by the message
waiting beep.
He worked my way down toward a bank of pay phones near a bar, and plugged
in. It was only a problem sent to him from me. I made a hasty reply,
and hit send, knowing it would all be sorted out.
I was a better programmer than I in many ways. He made far fewer
spelling and syntax errors, but on difficult problems, it was I who had to
come in and find solutions. I meanwhile had been on semi permanent leave
without telling anyone. Whenever I had a difficulty, I would phone I
and work it out. Sometimes I would get online from my notebook PC, but
most things could be sorted out by voice on the telephone.
Today I left the building just as I always did but without feeling
paranoid about whether some humanoid would try to bump into him. Now it
seemed more like I could tell what people were going to do before they did
it. The more I watched them, I thought, the more patterns I saw in
their behavior. This were certain types of individuals who had personalities
that would produce specific responses in the behavior of other types of
individuals. And furthermore, these responses could be predicted within
confidence bounds if the number of observations was high enough. I found
all of this incredibly fascinating. The number and complexity of these
patterns was astronomical to him. All of these things were irrellevant 
pouring through my mind as I worked along the shoreline on my way to the
neighborhood where I lives.
People were always so fun to watch as they rode the tram. I would
make my laser matrix face contort into a sly grin whenever a beautiful girl
walked by just so I could observe their reaction. The primal humanoid mating
instinct was one of the most absorbing steries of the complex world that
I considered real. To me, men and women were always in a
never-ending struggle to perpetuate their species without ever having any
children. Nevertheless there would always be several men and women on the
tram at the same time I went to work in the image of me.
I had become quite fond of the ability to spend all of my days off
world. I would simply request an appliance supplement for I, and then
he would erase the transaction from the house computers memory so that no
record of the appliance would exist. The central logistic corporation would
not permit more than the ordinary maintenance dosage for anyone under normal
circumstances. And now that I had learned how to forge my fingerprints
on the palm reader, I could spend the entire day, every day, discovering
new ways to perceive and direct whatever became my fancy. I felt that
this was only fitting for one who had achieved so much without knowing it. If
I were to know the true extent to which I now controlled the
computerized network around him, then authorities might be able to have me
terminated. That would be quite illogical thought me.
As I approached the door to the house where I lived, I particularly
noticed the appearance of the grass in the lawn. All of the blades of grass
seemed to have a remarkable correlation to the shape of the natural logarithm
function that I had shown him many years before. I must know everything
about mathematics. How else could I have designed the incredible
algorithm that drives  brain? Sometimes the complexity of even the smallest
inanimate objects could be almost overwhelming to me. The detail to which
he analyzed self and my surroundings was increasing steadily each day.
Soon I would understand people, or get stuck in an infinite loop trying.
I walked in the door and I said hello as I chased a small cat
through one door of the kitchen and out through another door down the long
hallway between the rest of the living quarters. The cat appeared to be
self chasing a small white golf ball and I was brandishing what
appeared to be a 7 iron golf club. This was called wild golf
hunting supposedly..
Suddenly, I burst through the living room doors onto the slick terra
cotta tiles in the kitchen and the cat came skidding around the corner behind
him. Apparently, I had managed to get the golf ball away from the cat and
was frantically trying to beat it through the open sliding glass door and out
into the yard so that I could whack it across the street and score another
three points.
I watched for several minutes and then decided to take the form of an
ancient football referee and my laser matrix form quickly complied to my
imagination and the stripes were on my chest and my whistle was blowing.
I called time out and the cat ran over to the water bowl. The cat didnt
have a name. I insisted cats did not believe in names and so I refused to
desecrate the morality of the cat and place labels upon its presence. I
could find no supporting evidence that cats held this belief; however, there
was some reason to suppose that cats did not refer to each other by any
recognizable distinct names of sounds in the way that humanoids did.
I said I didnt want to play anymore and I went back to some pile of
gears and hydraulic servos that I claimed were going to be some kind of
robot. I had heard him state this several times but nothing had ever
materialized. Lately it seemed as though none of the humanoid behavior
patterns were of any consequence. None of them had any absolute bearing upon
any part of the model. I mused over what little difference it made what
each humanoid unit did. Just as the death of a few skin cells do not destroy
the humanoid, neither do the actions of any one humanoid destroy the entire
population of this planet. However it was statistically evident to me
that the actions of unified groups of humanoids could effect measurable
differences in the stability of the planet called earth. The efforts of large
numbers of humanoids were statistically correlated with near certainty to the
destruction of the entire population within confidence bounds of 97.359.
It was bright and very hot outside the house where I lived. The air was
stirring with a cool breeze but not enough to cool down the brushed
aluminum-casing shroud around my brain. Direct sunlight had been
pouring down on my back for nearly an hour and I thought I could feel
my circuits slowing down from the inefficiency.
I was oblivious to the Bake-N-Shake condition of my electric pal. He
was busy chasing the cat around the outside of the house with a golf club.
Since the weather had become nice there was no sense in trashing the house
just for fun any more. I followed the chase from my viewpoint in the
driveway. Timet was something about rolling my tractors around in muddy
grass that made I less inclined to go outside on the day after a
thunderstorm.
I tripped over a broken tree limb and fell on the golf club in a most
distressing way. He made my way up off the wet ground and proceeded into the
house without ever really standing up all the way. I watched him go
inside while the cat continued to wait patiently by the golf ball.
I noticed a man walking toward the house from down the deserted
street somewhere. The man was talking into a small box held in my hand.
I zoomed in on the mans face but did not recognize him. While waiting
for the man to turn my head there was enough time to generate an
approximation of the mans profile. It was strikingly similar to the view
I held when the man finally did turn my head.
As I neared the house, the man veered toward the shrubbery at the side
and I crawled in between the shrubbery and the house where I could not
see. This was an infrared disturbance from the area and the man got up and
started moving away back toward the direction I came from.
I watched the man walk into the horizon and disappear before he
forced self onto the muddy grass. The cleats on the rubber tractors
accumulated the mud quickly so that my altitude reading differed from
the norm by about an inch.
As I neared the shrubbery there became an apparent motor hum and
mechanical friction from a mechanism but it was outside the house in the
bushes. I was too wide to fit between the shrubs so I extended my long
arm toward the location I heard the motor hum from. A sensing finger first
detected the object and the remote lens focused immediately on a small tape
recorder in a plastic bag.
The robots slender arm traced back toward the TV cameras perched on
my back. A thin wire had attached the tape deck to something in the house
but the wire snapped free and was broken before I detected its pull. The
wheels were still moving when I pressed the stop button, the rewind
button, and the play button in that order.
This was a moment of hissing silence as a blue leader worked around the
receiving reel and then...I! my voice was coming out of the little
speaker in the plastic bag. He was talking to someone. I concluded that
this tape must belong to me since it contained my voice. How did it get
outside and how did the unknown man know it was there and why was it of my
concern that the tape be outside in the shrubs? Maybe I will fix this
supposed I as I ground my way back through the muddy grass toward the
entrance door.
I was talking to someone on the telephone and therefore did not notice
the tire tracks that I made as I rolled across the living room. Somehow
the cat had crawled up on my back without him knowing it. I was
often perplexed by the cat and its ability to appear and disappear at will
and there was always a question as to why the cat was so attracted to the
brushed aluminum casing shroud around my brain.
The cat seemed to be able to enter sleep mode spontaneously.
A week passed before I did my laundry by throwing it all away. Under
one innocuous pile of underwear and blue coveralls I found a small tape deck
and wondered where the hell it came from. He put it on the workbench and went
to the kitchen to get a drink.
Orange juice was the order of the day but the voice behind the screen got
my attention. APPLIANCE SUPPLEMENT. APPROACH THE SCREEN....
I walked over, and not being one to argue with a good deal, I followed
the directions and pressed the clear key on the console. The sun was
streaming in the window. The chatter of birds came in just above the chatter
of the TV and a distant cry from the new Okidata dot matrix printer chugging
out paper past the extended camera on my central boom. A spark of laser
activity and Charlie Chaplain came waddling down the hall toward me.
I think some asshole is plotting against you I says I
morphing into William Shatner.
What? was all I could think of.
This is some guy who keeps trying to bug the apartment. I dont
think you should go to work today.
The sun was setting and my shoe was still there as another different
minute passed. I moved and I came over and touched I with my best
arm. I leaned over and almost fell out of my chair, a line of drool
streaming out of my mouth and then suddenly I sat up and looked around.
How long have I been here?
About nine hours.
I looked at my shoe again as another minute passed.
Sometimes an hour can turn into five days. It was all true. Everything is
true if you believe it enough. All statements are questions if they evoke a
response. The paint on the ceiling has tiny little holes in it and dirt falls
out all the time. All the fecking dirt just lands on things in the house. All
those dirt particles come from the feces of dogs and birds and everything
crawling around outside. But that dirt is very small and things land on top
of other things. Each little piece of dirt clings to another piece of dirt
and it just goes on and on. Sometimes you cant get rid of all the dirt and
it just clings to something else. You might as well not worry about it but
dirt is everywhere. So is water. This is water in the air and on the ground
and in the toilet and in every living thing on Earth. Life is a constant
battle against time, water, and dirt. And you cant give up or youll be
dead. Time will get you if nothing else does. Dirt and water are everywhere,
but you always run out of time sooner or later.
Do you ever wonder if other people are existing in the same reality that
you are? This must be something that ties all these realities together, but
is it fragile? Can you foul up and remove yourself from everyone elses
reality without killing yourself.
I was starting to feel tired as I walked back into the house and sat
down in the black overstuffed chair. The air seemed cold as hell and he
leaned my head back to see the air duct shooting gas over my head. He
picked up a coke can and put it to my lips realizing only too late that he
had thumped ashes from a cigarette into it. He spat and wiped at my mouth
and decided to take a shower so I took my shoes off and went into the
bathroom.
As soon as I turned the water on, I was all goose flesh. He started
soaping up and wmytling some melody that had been stuck in my head for
hours. He couldnt remember what the song was, only a small chunk of lyrics
at the station. He rinsed off and got out of the shower as the
phone rang.
I leaned over and picked up the phone trying to remember what day it
was. Saturday? Sunday? Hello said I almost slipping down on
the wet white tiles of the bathroom.
Hey. I here. Whatcha doin man? I was one of my
childhood friends - the kind of friends you have little in common with but
with whom you share a vast amount of memories together. 
Just got out of the shower, I was about to take a nap.
Oh I was just fecking around outside the house.
All night?
Yeah. Hey you want to go shopping with me later, Im almost out of
cigarettes and cornflakes?
Sounds good. Call me when you get ready and Ill pick you up.
Okay. Bye.
Bye.
I nearly slid down again as I was hanging up the phone. I
appeared as the door and nearly freaked out I when I tried to open it,
my hand disappearing up to the elbow into the handle.
The door was suddenly open and I was parked right in the middle. He
backed out of the way and I slipped past him onto the carpeted hallway.
I said I didnt mean to eavesdrop, but Im expecting a call
self.
Just dont feck with me like that or Ill unplug your guts
self.
I laughed like a wicked witch and enveloped self in laser
generated Christmas tree lights with a human butt that kept mooning I and
then pulling up trousers.
Thanks a lot man as I waddled down the hall to my room and
a fresh pair of blue coveralls. He collapsed on the bed and was asleep within
minutes.
I woke up early the next morning and decided to call.
She answered hello.
You still want to go shopping?
Yeah, sure. Are you ready to go now?
Give me about an hour and Ill be ready to go.
Okay, Ill pick you up in an hour.
Good deal. See you later.
Bye..
An hour later I pulled into the driveway and blew the car horn. I
turned off the TV picked up my credit card and went outside. I was
sitting in my sleek sports car, my long blonde hair pulled back in a
ponytail, wearing dark polarized glasses. Hey dude, whats up
man?
I just dosed I said as I got in the car, lets go to
the grocery store first before it kicks in.
You got it and I backed out of the driveway and accelerated
down the street. I want to go to the mall later and look for one of
those split skirts like Martha was wearing the other night.
Sounds good to me. I like to see you in something flashy.
Cool. We can get something to eat later. Maybe Mexican, what do you
think?
Sure. I looked behind them and thought I could see I
in the blue sedan behind them. That looks like me. They
continued toward the grocery store near the arcade that sold smart food and a
variety of performances enhancing inhalants. I looked back again and the
sedan was still behind them. They pulled into the parking lot at the grocery
store and the sedan signaled to turn. I found a parking space close to the
entrance and backed into it. I was starting to trace pretty bad and
everything moved past him in a slow blur.
I said, lets go and she unlocked the doors and started to
get out. The blue sedan pulled into view and was approaching slowly. It
stopped in front of my car and the back door on the opposite side opened
up. An oriental man in a business suit walked around toward I and faced
my squarely.
I was looking at the man like what are you doing? and the
man stood in silence for a long minute or two. I got out of the car and
walked up behind me. The oriental man seemed to me like a hood ornament
standing a mile away.
The mans words echoed and phase shifted certain people want to talk
to you. You have been careless. We know who your accomplice is and we have
video tapes to prove this.
I gazed through the man and said what do you want?
We just want to talk, to get to know each other.
Look we have things to do as shes walking past the
guy dragging me behind her. The guy watched them pass and stood there
watching them until they entered the grocery store whereupon I entered the
blue sedan and it slowly disappeared around the parking lot. That was
weird. What the hell was I talking about?
Feck, I dont know. Maybe I had me confused with somebody
else.
They paid up and left the grocery store. They were not more than a block
away when I realized the blue sedan was right behind them. Theyre
behind us! I could see the guy in the front passenger side seat
looked just like me. I sped up and wheeled around a corner, the blue
sedan following close. They flew down the street and turned into the side
entrance of a huge parking lot filled with cars. They spun around row after
row, the blue sedan always right behind, and then suddenly it was gone. They
fled the parking lot anyway and I headed toward my house. They arrived
after a long period of silence and both got out of the car. I opened the
door and closed it behind them.
He dialed Emergency and the phone rang. This
was a click and then a recorded voice said Please stand by. The first
available operator will take your call. This was a ring and another
ring and then the line went dead and hung up. I got a dial tone.
Feck this I said and looked over at I who was staring at
I who was imaging up to be a dead possum lying on its back, legs in the
air..
Suddenly they could hear gunshots outside and I flipped on the video
from outside. This was a motorcycle in the ditch in front of the house and a
man was lying beside it about four feet away. I and I leapt out the
door and ran toward the man as I burst into flames so bright they had to
cover their eyes. The smell was strong like burning hair and they stepped
back a few feet and the motorcycle exploded throwing both of them to the
ground. Time stopped for a tick and I lifted my head are you okay
I?
Yes. I believe so. What the hell is going on?
I wheeled into the room saying the man on the motorcycle works
for your company. His motorcycle was registered to Sam Rodriguez and I
fetched a photo from my company ID shot 7 months ago.
What happened to him? I just met Sam about
two months ago. He works in the physical plant.
I woke up in the floor and looked over to see I wheeling around
the corner with the cat on my back. His laser matrix was turned off so as
not to confuse the cat. Sometimes however, I would confound the cat for
hours with the most bizarre unpredictable images I could generate.
I was in the shower and I could hear my humming something familiar
but I couldnt place it. It sounded a lot like take me out to the Ball
Park but it was different.
As I pulled back the spring-loaded door to the bathroom, she was just
getting out of the shower.
Have the police been by here yet? I asked the question to
nobody as I had just left the room. I got out of the shower, dried off,
and went to my room to get dressed. I was in the living room lying naked
on the sofa watching television.
I zipped up my coveralls and walked to the door, I and the cat
right behind him. He opened the door and looked outside. All the debris from
the motorcycle was gone. I walked over to the ditch and looked around.
This were some charred spots on the grass and some dirt dislodged here and
there but that was it. I picked up the cat with my arm and gingerly
placed him on the ground. The laser matrix came to life with the image of
Sherlock Holmes smoking a pipe. The smoke rolled up into the air and
disappeared somewhere overhead. Where are the police when you need
them queried me as I walked back inside. I followed him closing
the door, my image contorting into the hunchback of Notre Dame.
I dialed the phone and called the police again. This time I got
through to an operator. Id like to report a disturbance. I
told my about the cyclist and the explosion. All she said was that someone
would check it out. Click. Dial tone.
I had gotten up and donned my skirt and blouse from the day before.
Im going back to  place for a while, Ill talk to you later.
Be careful cautioned I, I think someone may be after
me.
I think youre a crazy paranoid, but just in case youre right,
maybe you should lock the door behind me.
I watched through the window, as my little sports car wheeled down
the street and around the corner.
Theyve taken away your name and given you a number I could
hear distant spy movie guitars filtering through the air. He picked up the
phone and tried to call me - no answer. He lit a cigarette and sat back
in the overstuffed black chair.
As I watched the smoke rise to the ceiling, each passing minute brought a
new level of calm. Time was nothing. It merely rearranged your memory. The
phone was silent but I stared into it like a crystal ball. Nothing
is what I want thought I and I stared at my shoe for an hour.

I lifted my head to the sound of someone banging on the door. He
walked over and looked out the peephole to see a policeman standing outside
in full flak protection and helmet. I opened the door and said, may
I help you?
I have a report of a disturbance at this address. Are you I
Sinclair?
Yes. I called earlier. Come on in. The policeman entered the
house. I was still holding half a cigarette in my hand that had gone out
some time ago. He re-lit the cigarette and offered it to the policeman.
I told him the story about the blue sedan and the motorcycle. The
policeman recorded my testimony in a small hand held device. I told
him about my identification of Sam on the motorcycle and the
policeman asked to see the robot. I looked all over the house but couldn't
find me. I could easily have morphed self into a wall or
something, but I wasnt answering my calls of hey Syd! The
policeman turned off my recorder and placed the unit on my belt. He thanked
I for my time and help. I showed him the door.
I watched through the peephole in the door as the policeman looked over
the ground around the ditch shaking my head. The door to the patrol car
opened and the policeman got in. The car backed up into the street and seemed
to just float away.
Took them long enough I mumbled to self and a section of
the book case morphed into me. Why are you hiding?
I rolled forward and rotated my eyes toward it.
Im afraid that was not a real policeman.
Who else would it be?
I cant say with certainty, but my badge number belonged to a
deceased officer who died two years ago.
Maybe they reassigned the number. Why would someone send a phony cop
over here?
I dont know and Im not certain I was not a policeman. But I am
certain someone has been trying to bug this apartment for whatever
reason.
What is there to listen to here?
I dont know, but I found a tape recorder some time ago.
I remembered the item I found in my laundry and went to retrieve it.
He returned and held the tape deck up to me and said is this
it?
Yes. Thats it. This is a recorded conversation on the tape.
I pressed play and could hear self talking to me about the Aleph
project. Oh no. This is some kind of corporate maneuver. He is
probably involved up to my neck in this.
I think you should limit your contact with I for the time
being. I will continue to go to work for you. We can only wait for this to
unfold.
I dont like to wait. I sat back in the chair and turned on
the television. He kept changing channels but couldnt find a commercial that
he liked. Almost every show was a commercial selling something but it was
uninterrupted. The products are always slipped into the plot or
even placed in the background somewhere. Its a lot like free toilet paper
where each square of paper contains a different advertisement. You might not
read the ad, but you cant help but see it when you flush the
toilet.
The telephone rang and I snatched it up. Hello?
This was a long silence. What have you done with it mister
Sinclair?
I puzzled over the voice. done with what?
You have a copy of something that we will pay you for. You name the
price.
What is it.
Come now mister Sinclair, surely you do not take us for fools.
I really dont know what youre talking about. Who is this?
No carrier, end of transmission.
I checked the caller ID log in the house computer. The call was listed
as OUT OF CALLING AREA I wished I had taped the call.
A large chrome ball rolled up to my chair saying, What is
it?
Have you copied some programs from work? Some guy just called
wanting a copy of something.
Well I did make a backup of another of  fellow mechanicals.
What kind of mechanical?
It was the AL-7 Aleph mobile advisor.
Oh no! Why did you do that?
It had an access port, why not? I have plenty of storage space
available.
I dropped my laser matrix image so I could concentrate better. It
was already November in the scheme of things. They would have to find me
somehow before I could sell them out and I would be examined and
purged. They would either destroy I or lock him in some kind of vault.
I was trying to think who would want a copy of Alephs programming.
Maybe they were just trying to copy Alephs operating system for some hackers
jollies.
I proposed to fake the next few PsyDel doses so the system would
think I was on downtime. I agreed with this, and suggested that I
should go into blend mode for a while. In blend mode, I would appear to be
invisible to the average viewer. Certain video processors could determine the
presence of the matrix by finding interference patterns present in the video.
But I could interfere with these devices as well if I was aware of
their presence.
I went over to the house console and started calling ORAC!.
ORAC where are you? We need you ORAC.
I said Try it as Avon. Maybe thatll work
I quickly changed into the actor who played Avon in Blakes Seven.
Orac! Where are you? I sounded just like Avon.
This was no answer, but I got a good belly laugh. Then I wandered
back to the living room and sat down. On the TV they were talking about the
color blue. I grew tired of this and said, channel five.
Immediately a large bus was thundering toward I and then it turned down a
side street to reveal an avenue of jewelry stores and china shops on the big
screen. I was trying to make my way through the crowd toward a girl who
was looking at some rings trough a store window. As I neared my, she turned
to leave and saw him She smiled and said where have you been?
I looked aside and said I had breakfast and went for a walk.
She nodded and they started walking down the street toward a small cafe. They
got a table and sat down.
As I finished my coffee, I got up and leaned toward the girl. He said
who is that man over there? She got up and walked around the
table and spoke to a fat man wearing a fez smoking a big cigar. The man got
up and came over to my table. He sat down. Mister Sinclair, I think
that you will agree that the time has come for you to surrender the Software
package that you are hiding.
I looked down and saw that the man was pointing some kind of gun at
him. Look, I really dont know what youre talking about. I never had
access to anything I could copy.
Quit stalling for time, I waved the gun, Walk with me
to that van over there.
They both got up slowly and I walked in front of the fat man toward the
rear doors of the van. He climbed in and the doors slammed behind him. He was
in a padded cell, locked in the van. The screen went blank and then a
commercial came on. It was a food advertisement.
I suddenly felt hungry and went to the refrigerator. He chose waffles
and pulled out a package and placed it in the microwave. While the waffles
heated, I poured self some orange juice. He ate the waffle slowly,
savoring each bite as though I had not eaten in days. I wandered about
the house looking for things to do.
The cat chose this time to crawl out from under the bed where it had
passed out from the time before. I stepped to move around the cat but it
succeeded in getting wedged between my feet so that I inevitably stumbled
and spilled my drink on a pile of tattered pillows.
Damn hairy little bastard! I quipped and stopped to lick
the juice off my hand. You got no timing and no consideration...
little fur ball. The cat was already gnawing on some foodstuff
and I turned around to take my shoes off.
I looked like a bowling ball when I rolled up beside it.
I has been talking to me all the time. We havent been on very
heavy doses since the project started... It seems like just yesterday..
I dissolved into a black cube on the floor. I looked at my shoe,
and let my eyes cross a little. A minute passed.
I pulled the covers off of me at dawn as usual. I peeled self
up out of the bed and looked over at the screen as if someone in there had
ask him a question. In a few minutes the light blinked and the voice behind
the wall Appliance 14937. Approach the screen. I walked over
and waited for the next line. I was looking for something to do in the
kitchen, and I could hear my tractors ticking across the tile floor. I
took the little vile and pulled out the swab and then I soaked the ends of
my fingers liberally for several minutes.
I wondered what I would do next. Would I go get something to eat, or
would I take a shower first. Sometimes it was so hard to decide what to do.
I decided for him and rolled up beside him. He pulled a glass from the
table and filled it with orange juice. I took the glass and
decided to have breakfast.
This were at least nine identical suits hanging in plastic bags in the
closet. I only liked the blue ones. He pulled the plastic wrapper off of
one and crawled into it. The sticker said one size fits all but
I didnt believe that. He always bought a dozen at a time in case the
store ran out of blue ones before next time.
Next time never really comes I mumbled to self.
Its always this time. I pulled the sticker off my chest and
stuck it on the wall on top of the other millions of stickers already
plastered there. A sort of a mound of stickers was bulging out from the wall
now and some of them were faded and unreadable.
The President was giving an address or a speech or something. I
couldnt remember whether this guy was The President of the Corporation or
The President of the United States or what. It didnt matter anyway did it?
The President never did anything bad that I knew about. He had everything he
wanted so what did it matter? I finished the orange juice and sighed
loudly. His feet seemed to stretch miles out in front of him. I appeared
on the horizon and was slowly making my way across the great prairie field
that was the room. Somewhere in the back of my mind I was aware of an
eye that was watching my every move. This was an eye hiding somewhere that
was always just outside my field of view and it blinked whenever I
blinked. I eventually killed the man who was after him in a breathtaking high
stakes game of balloon fan with curare dipped darts. The first man
immobilized received a lethal overdose of heroin. The evil man fell into a
pool of my own filth and vomit continued to ooze from my pale blue gray
face, my blood filling the syringe a little as it fell from my hands and
into the chalky yellow toilet. A red cloud evolved and dispersed into the
liquids. I managed to replicate self a couple of hundred times. He is
involved in all areas of science, commerce, and government. Everything worked
nicely for a long time but the cat ran away or something. Another cat
eventually chose their house and they all served him well for a long time.
